About the role

Our client is a US-based technology company focused on driving the next generation of vehicle and mobile technologies.

For them, we’re looking for a Principal Software Engineer.

What You’ll Do

Design, develop, and maintain logical designs of mission-critical enterprise application systems and services that leverage RESTful services and serverless architecture. 

Ensure that application and service designs align with our client's strategic technology direction and mission. 

Recommend strategies to improve system applications and services with a focus on ease of deployment, security, reliability, stability, availability, and performance. These include:

Independently analyze and resolve production problems, assessing risk and alternatives as appropriate, and implementing pragmatic roadmaps that lead to durable solutions.

Evaluate and interpret requirements to design, develop, and implement appropriate capabilities.

Perform code reviews, identifying potential issues to reduce technical debt, and providing coding best practice recommendations.

Take ownership of tasks and deliver with limited supervision, while using your own discretion to seek help when necessary.

Inspire and mentor your engineering colleagues – especially junior engineers in your charge.

Continually champion improvement by identifying ways to raise the quality bar of the team, systems, and organization around you.

Key Outcomes

Deliver products/systems through their full life cycle, from idea conception, technical planning, implementation, launch, measurement, and maintenance/iteration.

Contribute to developing a strong culture of quality, availability, and security through attention to detail and by supporting industry-leading best practices.

Drive optimal solution design, collaborating with product owners, architects, operations, client services, and cross-functional teams to move fast on creating solutions to client and business problems, as well as identifying and acting on new opportunities.

What We’re Looking For

Must-Have Experience

BS degree in CS, Engineering, Mathematics or equivalent practical experience

Experience building large, complex systems, particularly web services, RESTful APIs, and continuous integration and delivery.

10+ years of software application development and design experience.

Proficient in Python, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS,

C#/Java Experience.

Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application.

Prior experience collaborating with Product Managers and Owners.

Experience in creatin g database schemas that represent and support business processes,

Experience with one or more of the following databases - PostgreSQL, Oracle, SQL Server, MongoDB, DynamoDB.

Familiarity with AWS or Azure


Preferred Qualifications

Experience with microservice and serverless architectures.

Experience with  Angular.

Deep understanding and practical experience implementing and optimizing CI/CD pipelines, including extensive use of tools like GitHub Actions, Jenkins, GitLab CI, etc.


Our recruitment process

Recruiter Screen (30 min)

Technical Interview (30 min)

Client Interview I (tech interview 1 h)

Client Interview II (tech interview 1h)

Client Interview III (comm & collab interview w/ Dir of Eng. 30 min)

Client Interview IV (comm & collab interview w/ Sr. Product Manager 30 min)

We strive to move efficiently from step to step so that the recruitment process can be as fast as possible.