Contractor: Senior-level Backend Software Engineering Services (CORE)
Remote - Argentina; Brazil; Mexico
Seeking to hire a Contractor based out of Argentina or Mexico for Senior Level Back End Engineering Services

Scope of Services:

As a Backend Software Engineer Contractor, you will help the team deliver high-quality solutions for Newsela’s Core curriculum product. 
You will be working in a fast-paced environment to manipulate different types of content and text data in a myriad of shapes and sizes, as well as work on the extension of a Python service to deliver this content for consumption by downstream systems and UIs.
You will be a key contributor within a software development team, and will write quality code and automated tests, to assure the design and quality of your code.
You will also own delivery of features, independently, and will provide thoughtful input that helps with scoping and design for your team.
You will work with the lead engineer to break down bodies of work, groom tickets, and organize sprints to ensure work is delivered
Reporting to an Engineering Manager, you will partner closely with Engineering and Product Management to refine ambiguous goals into clearly defined, iterative work items.
Why you’re a great fit

You have 5+ years of experience in a software development team working in data models, backend services and APIs in a SaaS environment. 
You have 5+ years of work experience in Python and relational databases like Postgres or MySQL.
Experience with open source and AWS preferred but not required. 
A high understanding of developer tooling and unit test writing.
Experience with developing scalable REST API’s.
Experience working on a fullstack team preferred.
On top of your technical skills, you are excited to work in a collaborative and inclusive environment that supports continued improvement through code reviews and feedback. 
You take pride in your ability to identify missing requirements early in the development cycle, create and maintain performant and scalable backend systems, write resilient and testable code, and deliver on sprint commitments.